define ai = Character('AI')
define enok = Character('Enok')
define jordyn = Character('Jordyn')

label start:
  if visited_farm_once:
    jump visited_farm_once
  endif
  
  ai "Hello, ENOK SØRENSEN. What is your destination?"
  enok "The Farm. Lord Chisomo needs his carrots."
  sound: "elevator"
  ai "Confirmed. Destination: Farm."
  
label visited_farm_once:
  if all_hell_broke_loose:
    jump all_hell_broke_loose
  endif
  
  ai "Would you like to return to the mess hall?"
  enok "That's the plan."
  sound: "elevator"
  ai "Confirmed. Destination: mess."
  
label all_hell_broke_loose:
  if talked_shower:
    jump talked_shower
  endif
  
  ai "Back to the Farm again?"
  enok "Apparently I need onions now."
  sound: "elevator"
  ai "Confirmed. Destination: farm."

label talked_shower:
  $ spoke_to_jordyn = True
  
  ai "Where can I take you, ENOK SØRENSEN?"
  enok "The hot water is busted. I need to find someone who can fix it."
  ai "JORDYN MILLS would be the most qualified for this role."
  enok "Surely she's busy?"
  ai "She has not registered herself as unavailable."
  enok "Alright, take me to her."

  sound: "elevator"
  ai "She's currently on the other side of the station. It will take approximately 25 minutes to reach her location."
  enok "Whatever, I don't have anything better to do."
  ai "Confirmed. Destination: engineering."
  "This is just how I wanted to spend the evening."
  enok "So, what's going on with the communication system, anyway?"
  ai "I can't tell you at this time."
  enok "Very informative, thanks."
  ai "You are welcome, ENOK SØRENSON."
  enok "Right..."
  "The AI is pretty awkward as an elevator companion."
  enok "So, uh, what's the weather like in LA right now?"
  "Siri must be having a better time than me."
  "The real space isn't as cool as in the commercials."
  ai "I'm sorry, I can't access that information at present."
  enok "Well, what good are you, then?"
  ai "I can only access local systems until the connection to Earth is restored."
  enok "Fantastic."
  ai "You're welcome, ENOK SØRENSEN."
  enok "..."
  "I can't believe it takes this long to get from one end of the station to the other."
  "Apparently it has something to do with the artificial gravity, but really it's just a pain in the ass."

  ai "While you wait, you could contact JORDYN MILLS over the UMBRASOFT™ INTERCOM SYSTEM."
  enok "You couldn't have suggested that before we started moving?"
  ai "Incorrect."
  enok "Oh, whatever. Just put me through."
  ai "Please hold."
  jordyn "Yo."
  enok "Hey, did you know the hot water isn't working?"
  jordyn "Are you fucking kidding me?"
  enok "Um... no?"
  jordyn "Don't you realise how important it is to fix the connection with Earth?"
  enok "Apparently not..."
  jordyn "You're wasting my time!"

  menu:
    "Ugh, well fuck you too then. It was just a question.":
      jump complain
	
    "Sorry, I didn't realise it was that bad.":
      jump apologise
    
label complain:
  jordyn "Cry me a river."
  ai "I'm sensing some hostility. Would you like to return to the mess hall?"
  jordyn "<i>Please</i> get rid of him."
  ai "Confirmed. Destination: mess."
  
label apologise:
  jordyn "We still don't know how self-sustaining this place really is."
  enok "Can I do anything to help?"
  jordyn "No."
  jordyn "…Have a cold shower? I don't know, I have enough on my plate without babysitting you."
  enok "Okay. Good luck."
  ai "Would you like me to take you back now?"
  enok "That would be great."
  ai "Confirmed. Destination: mess."